Add browser devtool inspect url copy button to dev overlay (#69357)
vercel/next.js: docs/02-app/01-building-your-application/07-configuring/16-debugging.mdx

ready - started server on 0.0.0.0:3000, url: http://localhost:3000
```

> > Be aware that running `NODE_OPTIONS='--inspect' npm run dev` or `NODE_OPTIONS='--inspect' yarn dev` won't work. This would try to start multiple debuggers on the same port: one for the npm/yarn process and one for Next.js. You would then get an error like `Starting inspector on 127.0.0.1:9229 failed: address already in use` in your console.

Author: Deleting this as it's obsoleted, it's already working

Debugging server-side code here works much like debugging client-side code with Chrome DevTools, except that when you search for files here with `Ctrl+P` or `⌘+P`, your source files will have paths starting with `webpack://{application-name}/./` (where `{application-name}` will be replaced with the name of your application according to your `package.json` file).

### Inspect Server Errors with Chrome DevTools

When you encounter an error, inspecting the source code can help trace the root cause of errors.

> Next.js will display a Node.js logo like green button on dev overlay with Node.js inspector. By clicking that button you can copy the Chrome DevTool url into clipboard, and you can open a new browser tab with that url to inspect the Next.js server process with Chrome DevTool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next.js will display a Node.js logo like a green button on the dev overlay. By clicking that button Chrome DevTool url is copied into clipboard, and you can open a new browser tab with that url to inspect the Next.js server process with Chrome DevTool.
```
